IDOL
[IDOL: The Coup]
Ahn Hee-yeon
Gwak Shi-yang
Kim Min-gyu
Ahn Sol-bin / Han So-eun
Choo So-Jung / Kim Ji-won
Jo Joon-young / Hong Eun-gi
Park Seo-hoo / Lee Eun-sang
Idol: The Coup
DISCLAIMER: All places, characters, firms,
and events depicted in this show are fictitious.
Hi, Jenna!
Okay.
Let's hear your song first.
Bring it to my studio tomorrow. Yeah.
Okay.
A new song?
You don't have to worry.
I'll drag out the time and finish them.
What do you mean?
There's a direction Jenna wants to go.
I'm going to make it in a different way.
We'll go back and forth several times.
Their schedule will get screwed.
They won't even get near a recording booth.
Simple, right?
You don't need to take action.
They'll just give up
and look for another producer.
Give up on me?
They will never do that.
Come on. I'm Bbiyong.
Even if I write a song with my feet,
they'll take it because they need my name.
If I solve this, buy me an expensive dinner.
He told you?
He told you to do it?
Yeah.
He told me to drag it out, then finish you.
That was the agency's strategy, Sir.
I just did what you told me to.
Why are you making me out to be the bad guy?
So in an attempt to kill
one puny failed idol group,
the CEO and executive pitched in.
Went so low as to plot a scheme?
How could you do that?
Huh?
Let's go.
Darn it.
Why are we leaving?
We should smack them.
What a crappy world!
Kim Jenna!
I need to talk with you.
Why?
Are you now feeling a tsunami of shame?
Look at you!
Are you glaring at me?
You have no shame at all, do you?
Hyun-ji.
Wait here.
That psychopath!
I'll be brief.
- I'm not that kind of...
- I don't owe you anything anymore.
I deceived you as well.
If we're talking about bad character,
you and I are the same.
- Kim Jenna.
- Don't apologize.
If you do, then I'll still owe you.
Let's just
wipe the slate clean, okay?
I can't do that.
How are we the same?
What you did was a felony!
- Sexual harassment, blackmail...
- Sir!
Then what you did...
was attempted murder.
What?
Just as you wished,
my heart almost burst.
You shouldn't have sent that text earlier.
You don't have to set up a double trap.
I know you're formidable.
Part 6
Troy
Don't you know about silent affirmation?
I told him I'd do that.
He didn't say anything, so he okayed it.
Don't you watch movies?
Bosses don't say
yes or no. That's so lame.
Forget about CEO Cha.
You didn't have to do that.
I had to. Because it's me.
Because of my responsibility as an executive.
Because of them, we're being looked down on, too.
How can I stand by and watch?
Bbiyong!
That's enough. Let's just talk about work.
Whenever I see them,
it feels like something's stuck in my teeth.
Just drop it!
Find another producer?
It will probably be a nobody.
Don't get involved. Focus on your unit.
Make me proud
that I allowed you to be my co-producer.
The wind is moist.
It's going to rain.
It's nothing we didn't expect.
The world wouldn't be so easy on us.
You can bloom later.
As long as you put down your roots well.
How much will it rain?
Should I bring it inside?
Leave it.
It survived all that wind and rain.
If the environment changes suddenly, it'll die.
Wow, this little thing.
I should stick in a nutritional supplement.
Oh! I guess Chae-ah won't be coming today.
Her mom called her.
Why take her to see Chae-ryeong get an award?
Huh?
This one will bloom.
You're right!
I'm glad.
Jenna.
This is the same age as us.
Thanks for withstanding everything.
Thanks for growing well.
You held out well.
Yeah.
This is great.
You know sometimes
I wish I'm that rising sun
Not knowing what darkness is
I want to be bright sunlight
When my heart is like cold winter
I'm home.
Oh! You're here!
Tough day?
Jenna is singing.
Yeah.
I gave my mom the car.
It's okay. We can walk.
Languidly, I want to hold you
It's been long since I heard her sing.
Right?
It's good.
Riding on the wind, I hope it gets to you
Even if the times are exhausting
Our warmth created by holding hands
I hope it gets to your cheeks, your fingertips
Whenever I hurt
I remember that warmth
Even if we're facing different things
I can always stop crying
The memory of a snug fragrance
Riding on the wind, I hope it gets to you
Even if the times are exhausting
Our warmth created by holding hands
I hope it gets to your cheeks, your fingertips
I hope it gets to you
I put the chorus in front of the verse once.
BPM 120 felt too relaxed, so I changed it
to 140.
In the hook, I wanted
the synth to play the base line.
So I was thinking pizzicato.
What do you think?
Okay.
Listen to it and let me know.
Bye.
Wow, it's exquisite.
Your color has become more distinct,
but the originality of the song is intact.
I think Bbiyong will love it, too.
I need to touch up on the details more.
You're working hard, even though it's Bbiyong's.
It's a surprise Bbiyong allowed co-producing, too.
They sent a rough cue sheet for the show.
Oh!
You got your solo choreography, right?
Yeah.
I'll go and start practicing.
Okay.
Take your time.
Is your ankle okay now?
That was a long time ago.
I heard you're having fun with the unit project.
You're working hard.
I like the title song better than I thought.
Yeah?
There will be trouble with Lune.
Asking you to feature was an act of good will.
She'll be hurt.
She's not such a petty person.
Her contract is up for renewal.
She'll think the agency isn't competent.
You know, right?
She has the second biggest sales after Mars.
What is it?
You changed your mind?
No.
Don't you feel apologetic toward Jenna?
Did you have to go that far?
That's not pride or anything.
It's just mean.
Weren't you stabbed in the back?
I'm upset with her.
But I can't help but feel sorry for her.
Pick a stance
and stick to it. Don't confuse people.
Will the outcome change
based on what I decide?
Yes. It changes.
That way, I can decide whether to
keep my father's will or not.
What if I say I like you?
Then I will, begrudgingly,
embrace you as my family.
And if I say I hate you?
I'll happily kick you out.
Do whatever you want.
I don't want to be your family anyway.
You're so frank.
Why didn't you tell Jenna the truth?
Bbiyong did it on his own accord.
The agency didn't know about it.
I know you're not covering for Bbiyong.
Because she said her heart almost burst.
I want to make it burst, so she'll give up.
Thanks for the coffee.
Jenna.
Won't it be meaningful if you do
the producing as well?
We need more than meaning.
What Bbiyong said isn't all wrong.
We really do need a famous name.
No famous name
will do it for us.
Yeah, unless we have a boatload of money.
There is one person.
- Who?
Troy.
- Huh?
- What?
- Troy!
Happy?
Bye.
You're not eating it?
Stop feeding us cake.
And stop getting awards.
Now it's just tiresome.
This is how the world treats a genius.
What can I do? Huh?
It's hard for me, too.
Do you know
the hard work that goes into
getting another award?
When do we go to the Grammys?
They have to call us to go.
If we go to the Grammys,
I'll take off my pants and shout.
Oh, I see.
You're not talented enough to go to the Grammys.
Right?
Huh? Hey!
Wow... Those jerks.
Seriously.
I have good luck in awards but none in employees.
God Troy!
Troy?
No way.
Jenna!
Are you still in shock because of Bbiyong?
Jenna.
We can't go to Troy.
Don't even think about it.
Let's just
go back to Bbiyong.
There's no way Troy will do it.
Did you forget what happened?
He will never
take our work.
Never! Never!
Troy wrote this?
Hey.
Hi.
Troy!
Huh?
It's so good.
Really?
Yeah!
I like it, too.
Me, too.
It's so catchy.
This will be the 6th track in our album?
Yes. It's still lacking,
but I did my best, so please be kind.
I'm so happy I'm debuting with your album.
It's good you changed directions.
With these skills, you shouldn't be a trainee.
Right.
When it goes viral, treat us to dinner.
Of course.
Doesn't the intro sound like Minx?
I thought so, too.
And the chorus.
It feels like I've sung it before.
The dance break part as well.
I'm reminded of "Beautiful Sunday."
Did he take pieces from here and there?
That's plagiarism.
Well, it's not outright plagiarism.
But it does remind me of a lot of other songs.
He made a song that's borderline plagiarism.
But I didn't...
I heard CEO Ma picked this song.
Shouldn't we tell him?
This is so annoying!
How can he do this?
Does he want to ruin our debut?
I'm going to boycott this song.
Me, too!
But I didn't...
What are you doing here?
Hey!
He left the agency because of us.
He went through so much hardship after that.
But you still want to ask for help?
Let's not.
We have no right.
You'll only be humiliated, Jenna.
I'll give it a go.
Did you listen to it? Yeah.
About the verse,
I want to change the sound of the synth.
Yeah.
Right, right.
And when you go into the hook.
Isn't it weird? The snap sound?
Yeah, change the snap sound. Yeah.
I'll call you back.
It's been a long time.
Kim Jenna.
Wow.
I guess I really did make it.
We shouldn't have sent her there alone.
Come on.
It'll be fine...
Remember how tender-hearted and gentle he was?
And he's really successful now. Right?
Yeah, that's right!
With success, people get more generous.
Right! My grandma always said,
generosity comes from the storage!
Right!
Wow, seriously.
That's the most hilarious thing
I've heard recently.
So you are
asking me to produce
your second album?
Me?
Wow!
Hey, Kim Jenna.
You've changed.
Were you always this shameless?
Jeez.
Please.
Please?
Please... Please...
That darned "please."
I said that so many times.
Wow, it's already been 5 years.
- Troy...
- Hey!
You know,
this isn't how you ask for a favor.
I went down on my knees and begged you.
What will you do?
Huh? Crawl?
Or stand in that corner?
Or serve me as your master forever?
Or go rob a bank?
Nothing is coming to mind right now.
What if it's Bbiyong?
How's that?
What?
The one who instigated it...
It was Bbiyong.
He said it was between referencing and plagiarism.
He sent you all the songs you used as samples.
What a load of crap!
I never plagiarized.
Bbiyong made you believe that.
Then he took your place after you left.
You.
Shut your mouth and get out.
We all knew that but ignored it.
I admit that.
We were scared
we'd lose what was ours.
We only thought about debuting.
We wanted to remove everything that hindered it.
Our debut got pushed back so many times.
We were on edge every single day.
What a good excuse.
I know. We still shouldn't have done that.
Stop it!
When you asked for one more chance,
we should've been on your side.
I'm sorry.
Jenna... I'm telling you...
I really didn't mean to plagiarize.
I'll write another song. Huh?
Jenna...
Please ask the CEO to give me another chance.
Please...
Stop it.
It's over.
Please... Just one more chance... Huh?
Just one more chance!
Jenna! Jenna!
I regret it.
I'm sorry.
I acted like I was cold.
I ignored that you were my friend.
I'm sorry I didn't stand in the rain with you.
We were all young, scared and immature then.
Okay. Let's say you're right.
But why is Bbiyong compensation?
I know you held on all this time with vengeance.
You waited for this and worked hard to succeed.
But Bbiyong?
Bbiyong is still higher up than you.
No. That's ridiculous.
That's what Bbiyong thinks.
So?
You want me to take you guys on
and show him what I've got?
Hmm?
Look. Huh?
This is me!
This is proof enough!
Why would I waste my time on you?
We have a video channel.
If you watch what we uploaded today,
you'll see what I mean.
I'll be waiting.
And thank you.
For making time for me.
Dream on.
Did A really say that?
Yeah.
He said the reason we can't make it
is because of our zombie-like pride.
He said we gave up his premium,
so no one will work with us.
And?
Becoming No.1 in a music show and disbanding
is so childish.
He said CEO Ma will weep in his grave.
Why did he bring up CEO Ma?
He's so mean.
He also said we shouldn't hit a rock with eggs.
But make fried eggs.
We asked why he pretended to help us
when he intended on the exact opposite.
What did he say?
He was going to drag it out, then end us.
I guess he really hates us.
Did we do something wrong to A?
Why is he going so far?
Still... You'll look for another producer, right?
Of course!
If we were going to cave now,
we wouldn't have even started this.
They're driving me nuts.
Look at Hyun-ji acting all innocent.
Who could A be?
They concealed his identity skillfully.
They dodged everything that might cause a problem.
All the while, conveying everything they want.
Were they always this clever?
I don't know if they're clever or manipulative.
If they didn't specify who it was,
maybe it won't be a problem.
No.
That is the problem!
If it's not specified, then everyone goes on
the list of suspects.
You all watched, right?
Do you want to know who A is or not?
- We do!
- See?
You're curious! Everyone is curious!
Even I'm curious!
Huh? What's this?
What, what, what?
There's a new comment.
It says A is Bbiyong.
Bbiyong? What are you talking about?
Show me. Where?
Here, here.
What do we do?
Seems like A is Starpeace's Bbiyong
Who wrote this?
Five, six, seven, eight!
Shine!
Shine radiantly.
This is good.
How about we keep the right hand on the right eye?
Like this?
Yes. Lower it as we wink with our left eye.
Oh, okay.
We're all doing the wink, right?
The wink is...
Don't you feel apologetic toward Jenna?
- Kim Jenna.
- Don't apologize.
If you do, then I'll still owe you.
Let's just
wipe the slate clean.
Why am I thinking about this?
Jeez.
How can you throw your dad's memento like that?
Don't you know how to knock?
I knocked three times.
You didn't answer, so I thought you were dead.
Why are you here?
You know our charity event?
Let's collab with Cotton Candy.
What?
No. Get out.
Get out!
What did you just say?
As long as A in the video is Executive Bong...
Come on, Sir.
We don't know it's him.
It was just one comment!
And I'm 100% sure it was Hyun-ji.
There's talk on social media.
Be quiet.
We must shut down what might cause trouble later.
Sir...
I'm telling you this will cause no problems.
If you're so cautious,
why did you start the fight with the girls?
Why start?
A few comments are no risk factor.
It'll be weirder responding to that.
They didn't mention the agency in the video,
but you can't separate Bbiyong from the agency.
If the agency is incriminated,
and people say you're on a power trip,
it'll cause a headache.
That's their plan.
You think I'll get dragged into it?
There's a saying.
A stitch in time saves nine.
Put them in the show.
It'll be good to get the message across
that the agency is rooting for them.
This isn't a risky situation.
If the CEO says it is,
then it is.
And why would I do that?
Lune's album.
I'll feature in it.
Get out.
I can see where you're going with this.
I'll also help you cut it off
with that woman.
What woman?
Don't act like you don't know.
There's only one woman for you.
Come here.
To be honest,
I've never seen such a pretty woman.
I understand how you must feel.
What are you doing here?
Stella.
Oh, you're coming home now?
Why are you here?
No reason.
Did something happen at the shoot?
No.
What happened with Troy?
He said no, right?
He's still angry?
He didn't throw a water bucket over me,
but his personality and vibe changed a lot.
But it was good seeing him so confident.
I cast the rod.
Let's wait.
Let's go.
What?
Did something happen?
The agency said they want
us to collab with Mars in the charity event.
What?
It's so weird, right?
They were trying to sabotage us.
What's more, it's a collab with Mars.
Is it because they feel sorry?
Sorry?
Let's not fall for it again.
If we do,
we'll stick our noses in water and die!
That water would go to waste.
Let's just hold our breaths and die!
Yeah!
What nonsense is that?
It's risk management.
Didn't Director Yoon tell you?
If we neglect it, not only you,
but the agency will be swept up in gossip.
They're nothing!
They can't even start a rumor.
They're not even recyclable trash.
Who's interested?
Executive Bong.
Watch what you say.
Some words degrade even the listener.
Your expression was a bit extreme.
Must you liken them to trash?
Are you
trying to screw me over?
Because of what happened last time?
You mad because you think I was out of line?
I thought you okayed it.
Last time? What happened?
There's something else I don't know?
Sir.
Leave us.
Why didn't you stop him?
A collab is nonsense!
Of course I tried to stop him!
But don't you think you're overreacting?
Why are you so mad?
It's good you're for the agency,
but aren't you a member of their debut album?
Shouldn't you feel differently?
Darn it!
You can talk about the details with Director Yoon.
Should we be thankful?
Or should we be wary?
Why didn't you mention the agency in your video?
You would've gained more supporters.
We would've crossed the line with the agency.
You still have expectations toward the agency?
You don't know
what Starpeace means to us.
You'll never know no matter how much I explain.
I get that now.
You didn't answer my question.
Is this a trick?
If I plan a scheme, it'd be more elaborate.
Sadly, I didn't plan this.
Now that that's cleared up,
do your best.
For those who stuck out their necks for you.
Oh, I'm not one of them.
Wow, you're crafty.
Hey!
Yes?
What's going on between you and CEO Cha?
What?
If it's nothing, why is CEO Cha doing this?
Bbiyong.
That's enough, okay?
Taking up your time and bothering you...
I'm sorry about that.
I understand you were stressed out.
I'm sorry.
You tart!
Hey.
You're playing me, aren't you?
No.
I'm really mad at you.
But we have no time or energy to deal with you.
We have bigger and tougher mountains to climb.
"Just come at us. We'll crush you."
They're all like that.
I'm curious about why you're really doing this.
But I'll let it go.
You forget us, too.
Darn it!
- We're really doing a collab?
Yes.
You don't have to worry.
I can't believe it.
You're sure this isn't another trick?
Yes, I'm sure.
Seriously! This is so annoying! That Bong bastard!
What did he do to us?
When will we ever get to have a big laugh?
Instead, we're worried it's another trick.
Come on.
Let's just enjoy it for once.
Wow!
This is all thanks to that comment!
You did so well, Chae-ah! Good job!
Wasn't it you?
Huh?
It wasn't me.
Then who was it?
Ae-rin?
But make fried eggs.
We asked why he pretended to help
when he intended on the exact opposite.
What did he say?
He was going to drag it out, then end us.
I guess he really hates us.
Did we do something wrong to A?
Why is he going so far?
Still... You'll look for another producer, right?
Of course!
If we were going to cave now,
we wouldn't have even started this.
There are a total of 3 performances.
One is a collab with Mars.
Two are our songs.
We'll do "White Day" and "Honest."
Since Elle is out,
we'll change the choreography and composition.
The show isn't open to public, but there will be news.
So it'll attract attention.
Mars has never done
a performance like this.
Let's do well.
This is another opportunity.
Under the twinkling star, the compass was dark
What do you feel?
If I'm honest
Tell me if you're thinking the same thing
I'm exhausted.
I'll ask for another time slot.
I know what dance I want to do with you.
Yeah, I'm sure you'll get it.
Director Yoon bought stocks behind his wife's back
3 years ago, and lost everything.
I think it was about KRW 30 million.
Of all people, he got caught by me!
If his wife finds out, he's so dead.
What do you want to do with Chae-ah?
You know the intro performance in Mars's show?
What Ji-han and Ellie did?
What?
Find the video and play it as background music.
Okay!
Okay, first...
Let's brighten up the face.
Here we go.
Okay!
You, too!
- Okay!
Perfect!
That's too much.
Hey!
It's not that kind of vibe!
It should be.
Whoa! Chae-ah!
It's supposed to be like this.
- Hello.
So? What?
Up for a dance battle?
- So suddenly?
- A battle?
Let's show them, Dan!
Let's do this!
Okay, clear up the space, everyone!
- Okay!
Cotton Candy!
Mars! Mars! Mars!
Dan! Awesome!
- Mars! Mars! Mars!
- Cotton Candy! Cotton Candy!
Fight on!
You're so cool! You can have me!
Mars! Mars! Mars!
Cotton Candy! Cotton Candy!
- Mars! Mars! Mars!
- Cotton Candy! Cotton Candy!
Bravo!
Good job, Cotton Candy!
Awesome!
Mars! Mars! Mars!
You know what it feels like?
What?
Like my naïve son is dating a delinquent girl.
A dangerous and risky feeling.
Thanks for letting us do the collab.
We'll do our best to do a great performance.
About Bbiyong...
The agency had no idea.
Thank you.
For telling me.
Hello.
The meeting is starting.
I'm doing it because the agency told me to.
But I haven't accepted it completely.
There's nothing not to accept.
Is this your doing?
No, I just made a suggestion.
Ji-han!
Come on, Boss. You can do it!
Why am I your boss?
When you act like you're the boss.
I consider every job equally important.
If we're doing this, it has to be done perfectly.
Got that?
Of course.
I also know you hate variables.
Let's do this well.
Okay.
Well, I think white is good.
But white itself is so...
Me! Me, too! Me, too!
- I have something to say!
- No!
Don't come here. Just stay there.
- What?
- One time slot! Just one more!
The meeting is over, right?
This is what working feels like.
I felt like such a bum until now.
Troy hasn't called back, right?
He will.
The Troy we know is still in there.
It would've been great if Elle were here.
Why couldn't we get this chance a little sooner?
Unbelievable. No one can beat Hyun-ji.
How did Hyun-ji know about Director Yoon
investing in stocks behind his wife's back?
They're fighting?
Yeah. They're fighting and shouting threats.
Jenna. Wait.
Do you
know how Elle is doing these days?
No.
Well...
I saw something by chance...
He's a rising star in high-class society.
His bio company became enormously successful.
He wants to invest in the entertainment business.
People say he'll start an agency.
They say he's gentle, but you never know.
It might be a hasty assumption,
but I'm worried...
Yesterday and today
The days are too short
Will tomorrow be different?
Will the day I long for come?
Shadows are drawn
So I can't see the sky
Will the day come when I blossom?
The dream that was my everything
I remember that thrill
Don't let it hide you
I leave my confined self behind
Dark night blues
Riding out the storm, I bloom
When my time comes again
Elle
You have to stretch it far.
When the darkness falls
Even if I'm all alone at night
It'll be okay
What's wrong?
Why? Did something happen?
No.
It'll be dazzling
Shine on my days
Radiantly
When the season I've been waiting for comes
Want me to cut that for you?
Oh... No, thank you.
Do you like that dress?
Yes.
Why are you so tense?
It's like you reset every time we meet.
Is our conversation boring?
Oh, no.
Is it fun?
You can't lie.
Bon appetit.
It's expensive.
Let's not rush things.
Elle, I mean, Kang Yu-ri...
I must see what kind of person you are.
You have to be careful in business.
I know one thing for sure.
Kang Yu-ri, you shine more
as a solo.
What do you think
about debuting as a solo artist?
Oh...
I also think that a solo...
Kim Jenna
Hi.
What is it?
You've been well?
Yeah.
Where are you staying?
A study room.
Don't look at me like that.
People live there.
I'm not staying there forever.
What about work?
Kim Jenna!
What do you want to say?
Don't beat around the bush. Just say it.
What do you want to know?
Did you meet Asst. Manager Park?
Whatever he said, it's probably true.
But it's none of your business.
Elle!
Do you know how much this costs?
You go your way.
I'll go mine to survive.
Isn't surviving what's important?
Don't ever call me again.
Come back.
We need you.
I don't.
Kang Yu-ri!
Don't call me by that name.
Not that way.
The important thing is
not just surviving!
It's how you survive!
Who gave you the right to set that?
Who do you think you are?
Why are you dictating my life? How dare you!
You disgust me.
You really disgust me!
I don't ever want to see you again.
Don't...
Don't ever show up in front of me again.
What is she doing there?
Good day, Ma'am.
I'd like to make your acquaintance.
I am...
Seriously, why is she there?
She's so bothersome.
It's so late.
I can't believe she's making me do this.
Members: 26
Visitors: 1
Our Candies still haven't all come forward.
You don't know where they all went?
Why don't you know?
By the way,
among the 26 Candies,
who do you remember the most?
Well...
First, Mrs. Homma (Homepage Master).
She said she had four sons.
She was sick of those bastards...
She was sick of those kids.
She was so good to us.
We called her Mama instead of Homma.
What is it?
I think I'm going to cry.
Then why did you stop filming?
Huh? Look!
Can you do it even now?
Let me see.
Look at the camera!
Let a tear drop fall from one eye!
This is better.
It looks misty and sad.
Should I turn on the camera?
What should I do?
Come on!
Jeez.
Why did the show have to be undisclosed?
If it was open to the public, it'll be an issue.
Then our Candies will come!
We can create an issue!
Huh?
First, let's give up on our duet dance.
Why?
We got Director Yoon's approval!
Ji-han!
Huh? Hi.
Hello, Ji-han!
I have a favor to ask.
You'll do it for me, right?
You know...
Generosity comes from the storage.
Chae-ah, Hyun-ji.
The cue sheet has been confirmed with your duet.
Prepare well.
And about your dance moves.
Tone it down.
Why is it so heated?
It's not natural.
Sir!
Don't, Hyun-ji. Put your hand down.
Don't talk. Just listen.
Don't stand up.
We...
won't do our duet performance.
Why did you change your mind? Why? Why?
You just said it was unnatural.
So we thought it best not to do it.
Yeah? Really?
Chae-ah, is this real?
Yes.
Okay, then. Great. Good thinking.
I mean,
it's so short that it's not cost-effective.
Instead!
I have a better card!
Don't.
It's none other
than Jenna and Ji-han!
It'll be much more natural. It'll be so good!
The response will be explosive!
Oh Hyun-ji!
What are you doing? Sit down.
What do you think, Ji-han?
I think it's good.
You heard him.
Seriously!
Sorry. Sorry.
I apologize.
Hyun-ji. I'm quitting.
Do you have an opening at your company?
Why not? You said there's going to be one?
It's because...
I'm so exhausted!
I mean, I'm so exhausted. Yeah.
It was originally a male-female duet.
Right.
Just because it's a charity event,
we shouldn't ignore its original concept.
Since we're doing this,
let's do this right.
Right, Ji-han?
Yeah.
Ji-han.
I like it.
Me, too.
What about you, Dan?
But still...
Hold on.
Hello?
Imagining you and me walking together
My cheeks blush as if I found happiness
Even though the path we're walking on
Is different for a while
Let's hold hands tightly
Let's meet.
So
that stupid bastard
is certain no A-list producer will take you on
except for him?
Yes.
He doesn't think you'll even see us.
But is showing that he's wrong
revenge?
I don't care at all about how he feels.
What you achieved until now...
Bbiyong did all of it first.
Those numerous awards...
Bbiyong also has them.
Doing what Bbiyong hasn't done.
Isn't that real revenge?
I don't know.
It's not bad.
But still...
I hate you more.
My wish was that you get ruined.
Why would I help you?
Troy...
Your wish
already came to pass a long time ago.
Okay.
I'll think about it.
But
there's a price you must pay.
Just like how I knelt and begged.
Kneel?
I can kneel a hundred times.
No.
I don't want it from you.
Then?
Elle!
Tell Elle to come here herself.
She has to come
and earnestly beg.
I'll see what she does,
and make a decision then.
IDOL
[IDOL: The Coup]
How can you ask me to plead with him?
You stab people in the back and
switch teams when things get rough!
What do I have to do, you jerk?
You shouldn't be so spiteful.
You tramp.
How much more understanding must I be?
Including acting up to help Cotton Candy.
We can't do it without you.
Come back.
I also felt bad leaving like that.
Can you change
those mean comments to compliments?
No.
We'll go on with the power of those mean comments.
Since we have no tomorrow.